Create rule S7081 (#4296)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S7081/javascript/rule.adoc

In Electron, context isolation is a key security feature that separates preload scripts and Electron's internal logic from the renderer process. As the renderer often displays untrusted content, this feature prevents attackers from directly accessing sensitive APIs or system resources.

== Why is this an issue?

In Electron, there is a clear separation between the main process and the renderer process. The main process is responsible for managing system-level resources and interacting with the operating system, while the renderer process is responsible for rendering the user interface and executing JavaScript code in the context of a web page. Electron provides a mechanism called context isolation to enforce this separation and prevent the renderer process from directly accessing sensitive APIs in the main process.

> When `nodeIntegration` is enabled, it is even possible to access Node.js APIs from the renderer process, which can further increase the attack surface and expose additional system-level capabilities to untrusted content. This can lead to a variety of security issues, including remote code execution, privilege escalation, and data exfiltration. Therefore, extreme caution should always be taken when using Node.js APIs from the main process to the renderer process in Electron applications.

Reviewer: - I find moving the `nodeIntegration` part at the end helps the reading to the second part of this paragraph. Otherwise, it breaks the logic of understanding the consequences. 
- I find "**extreme** caution should **always** be taken" uses emphasis a bit too much. I suggest removing either of the adjectives. 
```suggestion
This can lead to a variety of security issues, including remote code execution, privilege escalation, and data exfiltration. When `nodeIntegration` is enabled, it is even possible to access Node.js APIs from the renderer process, which can further increase the attack surface and expose additional system-level capabilities to untrusted content. Therefore, extreme caution should be taken when using Node.js APIs from the main process to the renderer process in Electron applications.
```

=== What is the potential impact?

==== Full application compromise

> If an attacker succeeds in gaining access to the main process and its APIs, they can potentially execute arbitrary code with the privileges of the main process. This can lead to a full application compromise, unauthorized access to sensitive data, or other security breaches. For example, an attacker could use this access to exfiltrate sensitive information, modify application behavior, or perform other malicious actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If attackers succeed in gaining access to the main process and its APIs, they can potentially execute arbitrary code with the privileges of the main process. This can lead to a full application compromise, unauthorized access to sensitive data, or other security breaches. For example, an attacker could use this access to exfiltrate sensitive information, modify application behavior, or perform other malicious actions.
```

==== Privilege escalation

> An attacker can also use this vulnerability to escalate their privileges within the application. As they can access the preload script, it may become possible to pivot from here to bypass security checks, granting them elevated privileges that they should not have. This can result in unauthorized access to sensitive data, unauthorized actions, or even administrative control over the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Attackers can also use this vulnerability to escalate their privileges within the application. As they can access the preload script, it may become possible to pivot from here to bypass security checks, granting them elevated privileges that they should not have. This can result in unauthorized access to sensitive data, unauthorized actions, or even administrative control over the application.
```
